[Music]
your body language reveals the shocking
truth about your relationship what stage
are you add in your relationship are
there just shy looks and bashful
attempts to accidentally touch your love
interest or take their hand or perhaps
you've been a couple for about a year
but your partner has started to keep a
distance or hide their eyes is it a bad
sign is it time to panic don't worry it
might not be so dramatic as you imagine
there are a lot of things people try to
communicate non-verbally there is no
need to say anything when our body
language is expressive enough the main
thing is to read it correctly brightside
will help you to understand what is
happening in your relationship without
any words and remember to give us a
thumbs up situation number one
everything is fine and you like each
other a sure sign of a happy
relationship is if you notice that your
partner needs your eyes and hold your
gaze for a little longer than they're
supposed to if after some time this
action repeats you can be sure that they
like you another piece of positive
evidence is if during a conversation or
a walk your partner tries to turn their
body towards you they're interested in
you even if they keep their legs crossed
the toe cap will be turned towards you
for sure if your partner is a woman who
has happy feelings towards you
she will subconsciously try to bend her
body towards you while keeping her back
straight this way she makes her figure
look better presenting herself in a most
flattering light in fact women send a
lot of nonverbal signs which show their
attraction and most of these signals are
subconscious let's see does she show her
wrist tugging up her long sleeves that's
a good sign she's drawing attention to
one of the most unprotected and
sensitive parts of her body does she
play with her hair wrapping a strand
around her finger she likes you a lot
a fantastic indicator is if you start to
notice that your hands touch each other
by chance very often there might even be
no real reason for it or even better
many specks of dust unexpectedly appear
on your clothes that need to be urgently
cleaned and your partner diligently does
it well with such signs you can be sure
that the interest in you is high
sometimes you might notice that after
telling some joke the person who told it
is looking at you and waiting for your
reaction oh that is an obvious sign of
liking a shocking fact free now did you
know that men usually stop smiling
widely around the age of 5 to 6 years
old if you notice that a man near you is
wearing a Hollywood smile it can mean
that he is really happy according to the
words of psychologist patty wood 100%
proof that everything is going well is
if you start to notice that your partner
uses the same gestures and intimations
that you do it doesn't mean that they
are trying to tease you it is more
probable that they like you in our
copying use unconsciously it is a fact
that when a person sees something
appealing to them their pupils dilate so
if it happens in your presence it's a
sure sign of their interest in you your
partner tells you a lot of compliments
yep
they are definitely into you does your
partner say your name every five minutes
don't get frustrated it's an indicator
that they have feeling towards you
people feel good calling those they love
by name a person who really likes you
might become too active in your presence
if they move a bit hectically
trying to do lots of things
simultaneously super it is the happiness
of seeing you that makes them act in
such a way
if your partner suddenly develops an
interest in fishing or horse riding
though these are your hobbies you can be
happy they like you so much that they
are ready to share your interests if a
person mentioned some tiny details they
have learned about you from your
conversations it means you are important
to them and your relationship looks very
promising it's really great if you've
noticed these signs between you and your
partner due alike for us for telling you
the good news now let's speak about the
opposite the indicators that something
is not working situation number two
something is going wrong you need to
talk
it is a worrying sign if you are always
trying to say something to your partner
but it is constantly inconvenient to
speak either their bodies turned away
from you or they wouldn't look you in
the eyes or they try to keep a distance
these are all clear signs of problems
and antipathy when your second half is
trying to avoid intimacy their kisses
become quick and formal if when they're
falling asleep they turn away from you
and sleep in the fetal position it is an
alarm bell for your relationship another
indicator that it's time to talk is the
reaction to your jokes if all of them
are met with an insincere and strained
smile the same applies to your
initiatives if they are followed by weak
enthusiasm it means you are not
attractive to your partner you shouldn't
waste your time on them if you have
noticed body blocks during a
conversation such as crossed arms and
legs perhaps it's time to think over if
everything is fine in your relationship
if your partner's voice is indistinct
the speech is edgy and their eyes are
always down it is something worth paying
attention to
important for women you should always be
concerned if your man doesn't follow
simple rules of etiquette like not
opening doors for you or not letting you
go first actually it is the same
situation for girls she talks on the
phone so much that she tends to forget
you alarm bells
what is more during a walk if you fall
behind and your partner doesn't even
look back or slow down it means that
your relationship has started to fade
away
it is a bad sign if partners show
contempt towards each other it might be
I rolling or speaking bad about the
partner making sarcastic remarks or even
calling names according to the
statistics it is a predictor that there
is a threat of breakup or divorce
you and your partner me sit at the table
but if you are still eating your ravioli
while your partner is already on their
coffee and cheesecake too bad
happy couples typically mirror each
other's movements therefore showing some
synchronicity it happens on a
subconscious level and its absence can
be food for thought
arguing is a bad sign you will say well
yes but if partners are cold towards
each other and keep their emotions
conserved it can be an indicator that
they have moved past the point of no
return and don't have any feelings left
to express loving people tend to show
care towards their loved ones if instead
of straightening your clothes or
smoothing your hair
they simply inform you that your hair is
messy you should think whether your
relationship is still harmonious however
you should remember that these kinds of
symptoms are not a death sentence to
your relationship they might be only
signals of some imbalance do you think
that these signs are reliable enough to
judge your relationship share your
opinion in the comments below remember
to hit the like button if this video
gets forty thousand likes we will make a
video on how to move your relationship
to a new level join us on the bright
side